# Developing-a-Real-Time-Financial-Analysis-Trading-System
In the project of developing a real-time financial analysis analysis system, if we want to receive real-time analysis information, we will do this in relation to what stage it is and what action we should take. At first, considering that it is mentioned in the text of the project that a server port should be used, we will first look at how to manage data in such a way that the way of sending or receiving data is the data character type or very well the length of our data. In general, we create the whole data form and introduce it to the system, and then we introduce our data to the server according to the data server that we are considering and the port that has the property that the port to the server is port 8000 and according to the introduction will be It is considered to be information that is already defined in a string of one hundred characters. Sales or no action is also done with the help of 5 Java codes that are attached to the project, as mentioned above, the first stage is the data format, and after that, the third stage is done by the server and the special port, which are among the two primary Java codes of this program. In the stage of generating financial data, we discuss the way that the Kafka data pan is analyzed and it is analyzed according to the analysis and the type of data analysis can be in the next stage of validation of financial data and analyzed data. In this way, the data is divided into low, high and medium stage according to the time stamp, and then the validity is evaluated and sent to our user, and now it is introduced to that user, and in cases where the data and information are invalid. It returns them as unknown data, and at the end, we can also refer to the signs that are intended to send the information to the user in the form of when it is purchased according to a specific item and in what state. In which case it will be sold and in which case no action will be taken on the analyzed data, so that we can come to the conclusion when and what action should be taken according to the analysis of the financial data that is sent to the user.
